README.md, before:

# node-red-contrib-panasonicprojector
Panasonic Network Control For Node Red


# How To Use:
Simply pass the following into the module:
### Basic Commands
**msg.payload.command**: The command to be processed  
**msg.payload.parameter**: The parameters(s) of the command, not required if there is none  
### Using Sub Commands
**msg.payload.command**: The command to be processed  
**msg.payload.subcommand**: The sub command to be processed  
**msg.payload.parameter**: The parameter(s) of the command, not required if there is none  

## Error Codes:
**ERR1**: Undefined control command  
**ERR2**: Out of parameter range  
**ERR3**: Busy state  
**ERR4**: Timeout  
**ERR5**: Wrong data length  
**ERRA**: Password mismatch  
**ER401**: Command cannot be executed  
**ER402**: Invalid parameter  
The module will also pass network connection errors on the output

## Commands
![Panasonic Projector Commands](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/haydendonald/node-red-contrib-panasonicprojector/master/img/commands.png)

Commit message:

Initial Push
Removed old code and updated the nodes for the new format

README.md, after:

# Panasonic Projector Control for NodeRed
This project allows interfacing with a panasonic projector using the NTControl protocol provided by [ntcontrol-connection](https://github.com/peschuster/ntcontrol-connection) by peschuster.

# Work in progress!
This project is currently being converted to use ntcontrol-connection as the previous implementation was developed when i had limited knowledge and isn't amazingly reliable.

The aims of moving to ntcontrol-connection is to provide better control of multiple projectors as well as more functionality.

# Node Information
## Panasonic Projector Node
This node is what takes input and output of messages
### Fields
- ```Name``` the name shown in the flow
- ```Projector``` the projector to control. See below

## Panasonic Network Node
This node is responsible for handling the network portion of a projector. This node defines a projector
### Fields
- ```Name``` the name shown in the flow
- ```IP Address``` is the IP Address of the projector to be controlled
- ```Port``` is the port. Default is ```1024```
- ```User``` is the username for authentication. Default is ```admin1```
- ```Password``` is the password for authentication. Default is ```panasonic1```

# Message Payloads
Coming :)

# Version History
## 3.0.0 (Major Update)
- Message format has been updated, this is a big change to anything before version 3.0
- Moved the project to use [ntcontrol-connection](https://github.com/peschuster/ntcontrol-connection) by peschuster
